
Flight Simulator:
Read about Dungeon Studio's take on a flight simulator design. 

LEGO Clock:
See the LEGO Clock designed and built by Andrew of ungeon Studios. Featuring 
100% use of LEGO's from 1992!, Powered by gravity through the application of a pendulium.

RC CAR:
This Butcher X is a new design in radio
controled cars.That has A very Short Wheel base for A
new type of control and action.

Power Wheel Big Foot:
See how we tried to converted a Power Wheels Big Foot 
into a gas powered gocart.

Speakers:
Take a look at some of the speakers built by Dugeon Studios.
From concert speakers to car audio speakers. 

Ponds:
Admirer Dungen Studeo's indoor pond and aquiriums.
Here you can see a collection of the fish tanks and 
ponds that have been built by Andy of Dungeon Studios 
over the years.

Electronics:
Here are some of the electronic projects that Dungeon Studios has 
been working on. From keybords to speakers and turbos to video games.

Controller:
This is my Arcade style video game controller that works with multiple video game 
systems. The controller is compatable with the SEGA Genisis, Nintendo, and 
the Super Nintendo

Slot cars:
Slot car Racing is hot! and Dungeon Studios is in on the action!
Come and See the cars and tracks the we have built

Bikes:
Here are just some of the bike that we have worked on. Like a 12 speed mountian bike, 
and a bike with a trailer.

Automobiles:
See the fleet of cars and trucks that have been modified convertered and held 
together with duct tape at Dungeon Studios. From a fiero 3.4L convertion to restoration 
of an 1981 chevy and a 1986 pontiac Fiero to the constant repairs of a Classic 1979 GMC 
4x4 Truck!.

Rockets:
Yes we've bult low and high powered rockets! See them here! Check out the E-9 cluster 
engine video rocket, the D sized cluster Gold rocket!

Tonka trucks:
This is an old colection of tonka trucks. Some of them are my Dad's tonka trucks.
 For now they stay in the house or in the garage.

Tree Fort:
Here is a tree fort that we had as kids with three floors and an equipment elevator.

Go Carts:
Here are some pictures of Go carts that we have (or have had) here at Dungeon Studios.
5hp, 3spd gocart, 3hp 2 cycle mini bike, 12hp gocart with motorcycle transmission.

RC Cars:
Our Radio controlled car collection. Some are projects some are store bought but they are all fun!

American Flyer S scale trains:
Here is a 3 sets of trains from 1945 that were restored to working condition and then sold at auction.
The Stream line, Steam locomotive freighter, and the Diesel powered freighter were esquisite examples 
of antiuqe toys. 

