who = Artifical Aqautic Plant Life
what = Decrotive Plants With Light
where = Under water in Fish Tanks
when = made to run Day or Night, could be used 24 / 7. Timer could be added to control the lights on and off times

DEFINE WHAT an INVENTION IS: 
An Invention is... well it has to be something, so it "is". When you come up with something from the depths of your 
mind that has never been thought of or made before, That is an Invention. I like to think of Inventing as evolving 
for the very essence of inventing changes they way we think. Things that were once something are now something else.
You can begin to look at things in ways that you never have before. With just the simple act of combining Fake Plants, 
Lights, Fiber Optics and Aquariums I have produced a product that will change the way that people can decorate there 
pet's house and there home.

GIVE AN EXAMPLE:
One example about likenesses is how Roller skates, inline skates, and Ice skates are very simular. Now there are Sneakers 
with wheels built right in them. The sneakers are not that much diffrent from roller skates, They still provide a methode of travel.
The Differance is the wheels and the methode of attaching the wheels to the feet. The Sneakers have one wheel each monted 
under the heels. This allows the person to walk like normal. When the person wants to roll they just stagger there legs and place 
there wieght on there heels, now they can roll along on the wheels. The best thing about this methode is that you don't have to 
change shoes or flip a switch. 


METHODE:	
To start things off we have to look back at what there has been for Aquatic Plants and Aquatic Lights. 
I'll inclose some pictures and diagrams of these items with this letter. What I have seen so far for plants 
are simple to complex plants made from plastic. Ranging from 2inches to 3 feet long in a varitty of collors.
Allthough the plants are uassally modeled after Real Aquatic plants I sometimes see some plants that are bright
in collors, like floessent greens and yellows witch is uncommon in the real world but, they look really nice.

As for Lights that you can put in the water. There are only A few types of lights, One type is an industrial type of light.
This light uses a metal cassing for the light that seals it off from water and other elements. These lights can only be 
setup to do one light at a time, one color at a time and, some can only go so far under water before they fail. If you
want to chang the color you have to take it appart and swap filters. The Industrial lights some times use 12volt DC 
for power to provide extra safty. Well the 12volts DC won't kill you but, if the power continues to pass throught the 
water, it will create an Electrolosis and an Electrolisis with water producess HYDROGEN and OXYGEN!!! Thease 
are two VERY EXSPLOSIVE gasses! I don't think the fish will like that. 

	Other lights that I've seen are ones that float ontop of the water. The floating lights don't provide a whole lot of light.
The light is only at the top of the water, that looks nice for ponds but would be impratical for fish tanks. Pluss I can see 
my turttle trying to eat the lights. The floating lights use a varitty of power sources, Batterys, 12volts DC and, 120VAC. Please note 
that baterys can explode and or leak batery acid. The lights that use 120VAC MUST be connected to a GFI outlet.

my methode cobimes the use of fiber optic cable to safley tranfer light into the fish tank inviroment. To spread out the light, it is passed 
into plants that are made from Fiber Optic Cable, So the whole plant glows and sparkles. The Power source for the Lighted Plants will be located 
AWAY from the water. A high output light bulb or Light Emitting Diode (LED) will be used in the power source to produce the light. A 
color wheel is placed in front of the light to make the light change colors. The Light is then sent through a fiber Optic Cable that runs 
to the Aquarium. This cable is then conected to the bottom of the Fiber Optic Plant to make it light up. The Fiber Optic Plants can 
then be dasy chaned together with a short conecter cable that will be "scrambled" so to help create a diffrent patern in the way that 
the Plants light up.


