I went and applied for 2 patients, for two of my inventions.
hey have alot of potential to make thousands to millions of dollors. 
Right now I'm looking for investors to help pay for the work being done on the patients. 
I've hired a submission company to help me find a manufacturer to produce one of my inventions. 
I willl be selling 20 shares over the next 4 weeks to raise the money needed. 
At this moment right now I have 6 to 8 weeks to find share holders(unless more time is needed).


Call me (419)-983-2019 to arrange a time when I can come over to show you the numbers and 
how they add up. For instance, what your return would look like, how much you will earn based 
on how much it sells, and what the minimum amout of sales would have to be in order for you to 
make a profit on your investment.
This is very exciting for me, I can't wait to have my Utility Patients.
You know that this means that I am an inventor now! and you know that I will drive this progect 
to the max! I've allready finished college, I've restored and fixed up 3 out of 4 of my cars, I sell 
things like crazy on Ebay and for the past 3 years I have made a profite (search for user name 
calvinthedestroyer http://www.ebay.com/ ). You know that I can make a profite off of my idea's, 
nows your chance to help out and earn a percentage!

Whats next to do for this invention:
You have received to identical "confedentiallity agreement" forms with this letter.
By signing the forms (and having someone else to sign as a witness) you 
agree not to steal my idea, or any of the concepts shown.
I know that you and my friends can be trusted but the forms are disigned to leave a papper trail.
All of these forms and documents can be used in a court room to prove that I am the inventor of this invention.
Once you have signed and returned the confidentially agreements I will then send you information describing the invention.

what the invention is
What will it do
How will it work
How much will it sell for
What percentage can you earn from this investment
What kind of market is there for this invention
When will you cash in on this invention

Please hurry and send the forms out to me for I only have a limited time. 
Its like this, once the invention is in the patient process its like the word 
has been let out and I have to move fast to finish it so that no one else 
can step in and take it over. 
Don't forget, I'm not the only inventor so we should hurry before someone else invents it.

Do you have to pay anything right now? 
No, this is just to gain the interest of investors.

Will you have to pay anything once you've signed the confidential forms?
No, The forms are for protecting me and my invention.

Once you have received my invention informatiom, what do you do with it?
1> say "ohhh ahhh that looks pretty"
2> read it carfully, trying to understand what it is about
3> run the numbers and determine if you want to become an investor (investors will earn there percentage BEFORE me (the inventor)

I hope to here back from you real soon. 
It is important that you ask me qeustions and give me feed back.
You may cantact by several ways:

Dungen Studeo's phone:  (419)-983-2019

Home phone: (419)-983-5303

Email:  A4S8B7@woh.rr.com

or write to:

Andrew S. Buczko
Po Box 63
Bloomville OH, 44818

Thanks alot for all your help and support

Andrew S. Buczko